  Semester:     Summer 2017 
  Course  :     CS111B  Programming Fundamentals:Java
  Section :     501 
  CRN     :     53204 
  Day & Hours:  M,T,W,R 7:10 - 9:30 P.M.
  Room    :     BATL 451 
  Instructor:   Abbas Moghtanei
  Text Book :   Java , The Complete Reference 9th Edition by Herbert Schildt 
  e-mail    :   amoghtan@ccsf.edu
  Public Directory: /pub/cs/amoghtan/cs111b
  Phone No. :   452-4723

  
  Grading Policy:
  
     6 Homework assignments 20 points  each    =   120  points
     2 Quizes               40 points  each    =    80  points
     1 Final exam          100 points          =   100  points   7/28/2017
                                                   -----------
                                        Total  =   300  points

  
     Under no circumstances the instructor is able to change the time and
     date of the the final exam. Please make sure to arrange your schedule 
     accordingly.

     Late homeworks and lab assignments will receive half credits
     No assignment will be graded after one week delay. 
     
     To get credit, students need to submit the hardcopy printout of the source
     code and sample of the output of their apps.

     Any homework assignment is based on materials covered prior to the
     assignment. Please DO NOT USE any material that is not covered in
     the lecture. If you do, your grade for that homework will be 
     drasticlly affected.   
  

     Absolutely no haggling and bargaining for grade are allowed. 
     
     Please avoid asking non-related questions during lectures.

     NOTES:   Students are expected to attend all classes. "Allowed" absences
              are for emergencies. When absent for any reason, the student is
              responsible for the contents covered and for making up required
              course work. Maximum allowed absences are 3 lectures/semester.
              This is the responsibility of student to drop the course if
              he/she can not continue for any reason.
              No make-up quizzes or exams will be given.
              Students are not allowed to use computers during exams.
  
  
     Students are encouraged to communicate with the instructor through
     e-mail. Students could also stay in the class after the lecture to
     discuss about their problems or get extra help.

     Quizes and exams are all open-book open-notes. No computer or cellphone is
     allowed during exams. 

     Please make sure to turn off your cell phone, pager, beeper, etc in
     the class room. 

     We are using Java Standard Edition 8 installed on our HP/Linux main 
     computer system. You could use any computer system with Java SE 8

     To use our computer system, students need to have a valid user-id
     and password. 

     Students could access our computer 24 hours/day. Instruction to remotely 
     access our computer is available in the ACRC lab. 

